1.所有制
修改了劳动合作社的分红，现在所有人都享受相同的分红而不仅仅是技工和劳工（真正的全民所有制）
也就是说工厂越赚钱，工程师和劳工的收入相差比例越小，越接近共同富裕（原版合作社里的技工和劳工就是新的权贵阶级，工程师、店主和职员都给他们打工）
此外，合作社不再增加额外的劳动人口，并且会移除农场和牧场的教士（谁让他们拿钱不干活，连自给农场在合作社模式下都没有教士，那么更先进生产力更高的农场和牧场为什么会有教士？）
城镇中心加入文体活动中心，需要非国教和委员会共和制解锁，把所有教士替换为职员，并且与劳动合作社有相同分红机制。现在你有机会完全消灭国内的宗教势力
贸易中心加入劳动合作社，店主和职员 1:3，同样是均等分红，需要委员会共和制解锁，且委员会共和制不再解锁贸易中心的政府运营所有制（毕竟除了这个，所有政府运营都是由计划经济解锁的）
修改了运河的生产方式，把资本家替换成官僚（毕竟运河也没有分红，就算是资本家也只能领工资，这算资本家？顶多高级打工人）

2.法律和机构
新增发展和改革委员会（花费行政力，调控再生产，促进经济发展），每级增加劳动合作社5%投资池贡献率，由委员会共和制解锁，提供+5最大等级，如果你想要促进消费随时可以下调它的等级（既然是全民所有，那么人们投点钱用于扩大再生产也没什么奇怪的吧）
修改了委员会共和制的修正，现在直接增加工会政治力量而不是技工和农民的政治力量（毕竟直接加某种职业类型的政治力量应该是权力分配法律的效果）
计划经济现在将使官僚上缴全部红利（可用于建设任意产业），并且不再强制补贴，使你的国家真正拥有政府运营的本国产业，而不是被原版名为官僚实为资本家的pop所占据，计划经济超强掌控力的代价是增加25%人口行政力花费乘数（当然政府运营在工资开销上高于其他所有制，是比较低效的，但是潜力很强，可以做到集中力量办大事的效果）

理论上和绝大部分mod兼容，只要它没改劳动合作社、委员会共和制和计划经济，因为我没有直接修改源文件，而是另建文件去写我需要改的内容

由于添加了新文本，目前只支持简中和英语

如果你觉得不错的话，记得点个赞让我看到，如果有什么建议或者问题也希望可以反馈给我
如果发不了评论可以去V3贴吧搜索：“mod发布：更好的劳动合作社” 来向我反馈，(小声)每次评论都要坐飞机去一趟美国(雾)是真的麻烦

1.Ownership
The dividend of worker cooperatives has been modified. Now everyone enjoys the same dividend, not just machinists and laborers (real ownership by the whole people)
That is to say, the more profitable the factory is, the smaller the income percent gap between engineers and labors is, and the closer it is to common prosperity. (Labors and machinists of the vanilla worker cooperatives is the new privilege class, as engineers, shopkeepers and clerks all work for them.)
In addition, the cooperative will no longer add extra working population, and will remove the clergymen from the farms and pastures. (as they get money for doing nothing, even self supporting farms have no clergy in the cooperative mode, so why do more advanced and productive farms and pastures have clergymen? )
The newly added recreation and sports center in urban center needs to be unlocked by the non state religion and the council republic, replace all clergymen with clerks, and have the same dividend mechanism as the worker cooperatives. Now you have an opportunity to completely eliminate religious forces in your country
Add worker cooperative to trade center, consist of shopkeepers and clerks in 1:3, which requires the council republic to unlock, and council republic no longer unlocks the government run ownership of the trade center (after all, except for this, all government runs are unlocked by the command economy)
The production method of the canal has been modified and the capitalists  are replaced by bureaucrats. (After all, the canal has no dividend, and even the capitalists can only get wages. Are they capitalists? At most senior workers)

2.Law and Institution
The new Development and Reform Commission(spend bureaucracy to regulate reproduction and promote economic development) is added. Each level will increase the contribution rate of people in the worker cooperative to the investment pool by 5%, which will be unlocked by council republic and provide+5 maximum levels. If you want to promote consumption, you can lower its level at any time (Since it is owned by the whole people, it is not surprising that people invest some money in extending reproduction)
The modifiers to council republic has been revised, and now the political power of trade unions is directly increased, not that of technicians and farmers (After all, directly adding political power of a certain type of occupation should be the effect of the power distribution law)
The command economy now make bureaucrats hand in all their dividends (which can be used to build any industry), and is no longer mandate subsidies, so that your country really has its own industry run by the government, instead of being occupied by POP called bureaucrats who are actually capitalists in the vanilla game, The cost of the super control of the command economy is to increase the bureaucracy population cost multiplier by 25% (of course, the government operation is more inefficient than other ownership systems in terms of wage spending, but it has strong potential, which can achieve the effect of concentrating on major issues)

Theoretically, it is compatible with most mods, as long as it does not change the worker cooperatives, council republic and command economy because I did not directly modify the source file. Instead,I created new files to write what I need to change

Only support English and simplified Chinese because of the new text

Hope for feedback if you have any advice or meet problems